Documentation Update (#1848)
Xilinx/mlir-aie: README.md

## Initial Setup

#### Update BIOS:

Be sure you have the latest BIOS for your laptop or mini PC, this will ensure the NPU (sometimes referred to as IPU) is enabled in the system. You may need to manually enable the NPU:
   ```Advanced → CPU Configuration → IPU``` 

> **NOTE:** Some manufacturers only provide Windows executables to update the BIOS, please do this before installing Ubuntu.

#### BIOS Settings:

Turn off SecureBoot (Allows for unsigned drivers to be installed):
   ```BIOS → Security → Secure boot → Disable```

## Prerequisites

### Install AIETools

#### Supporting AMD Ryzen™ AI with AMD XDNA™/AIE-ML (AIE2) and AMD XDNA™ 2 (AIE2P): Install AMD Vitis™ AIE Essentials 

1. Install Vitis™ AIE Essentials from [Ryzen AI Software 1.3 Early Accesss](https://account.amd.com/en/member/ryzenai-sw-ea.html#tabs-a5e122f973-item-4757898120-tab). We will assume you use the installation directory, `/tools/ryzen_ai-1.3.0/vitis_aie_essentials`.

   > This is an early access lounge, you must register and be granted access at this time.

>     1. Download VAIML Installer for Linux based compilation: `ryzen_ai-1.3.0ea1.tgz`
>  
>     1. Extract the required tools:
> 
>        ``` bash
>           tar -xzvf ryzen_ai-1.3.0ea1.tgz
>           cd ryzen_ai-1.3.0
>           mkdir vitis_aie_essentials
>           mv vitis_aie_essentials*.whl vitis_aie_essentials
>           cd vitis_aie_essentials
>           unzip vitis_aie_essentials*.whl
>        ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Download VAIML Installer for Linux based compilation: `ryzen_ai-1.3.0ea1.tgz`
 
    1. Install the tools:

       ``` bash
          tar -xzvf ryzen_ai-1.3.0ea1.tgz
          cd ryzen_ai-1.3.0
          ./install_ryzen_ai_1_3.sh
       ```
```
mlir-aie [supports the installer it comes with](https://github.com/Xilinx/mlir-aie/actions/workflows/buildAndTestRyzenAISw.yml).

Reviewer: The downside of installing it via the installer or via `pip install vitis_aie_essentials` is that it pins you to python 3.10

Author: For that reason I will stick with unzipping. I will investigate a workaround for pinning the Python version later
